adjust-cell-height = 3
adjust-underline-position = 4
auto-update = off
background = #0E1419
clipboard-paste-protection = false
clipboard-trim-trailing-spaces = true
cursor-style = underline
cursor-style-blink = false
focus-follows-mouse = true
font-family = 0xProto
font-size = 14
font-synthetic-style = false
quick-terminal-animation-duration = 0
shell-integration-features = no-cursor,sudo
split-divider-color=#333
theme = Dracula
unfocused-split-opacity = 0.85
window-padding-balance = true
window-padding-x = 10
window-padding-y = 10
window-save-state = always

macos-titlebar-style = native
macos-titlebar-proxy-icon = hidden

keybind = cmd+shift+j=previous_tab
keybind = cmd+shift+k=next_tab
keybind = cmd+j=goto_split:previous
keybind = cmd+k=goto_split:next
